Make React Router more visible (#3531)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/guides/react/index.mdx

Learn more about using and customizing the React Profiler in [Profiler](components/profiler/).

Performance data is transmitted using a new event type called “transactions”, which you can learn about in [Distributed Tracing](/product/performance/distributed-tracing/). To capture transactions, you must install the performance package and configure your SDK to set the <PlatformIdentifier name="traces-sample-rate" /> configuration to a nonzero value. The example configuration above will transmit 100% of captured transactions; lower this value in production to avoid consuming your quota too quickly.

Learn more about sampling in [Filtering Events Reported to Sentry](configuration/filtering/).

> ## React Router

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### React Router
```

This only applies to performance, so let's nest it under that heading.

_(New in version 5.21.0)_

> Sentry's performance instrumentation includes support for React Router 3, 4 and 5.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sentry's performance instrumentation includes support for React Router 3, 4, and 5.
```

> React Router support is included in the `@sentry/react` package since version `5.21.0`. We support integrations for React Router 3, 4 and 5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry's performance instrumentation includes support for React Router 3, 4 and 5.
```

Since this is directly underneath the "New in version 5.21.0," I think we can safely omit mention of that here.

```JSX
import { Router } from 'react-router-dom';
import { createBrowserHistory } from 'history';

import * as Sentry from '@sentry/react';
import { Integrations } from '@sentry/tracing';

const history = createBrowserHistory();

Sentry.init({
  integrations: [
    new Integrations.BrowserTracing({

>       // Can also use reactRouterV4Instrumentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // Can also use reactRouterV3Instrumentation or reactRouterV4Instrumentation
```

      routingInstrumentation: Sentry.reactRouterV5Instrumentation(history),
    });
  ],

  // We recommend adjusting this value in production, or using tracesSampler
  // for finer control
  tracesSampleRate: 1.0,
});

// ...

// In your App render:
render() {
  return (
    // Use custom history with a Router component
    <Router history={history}>
      <Components />
    </Router>
  );
}
```

> Please see the [React Router Integration documentation](configuration/integrations/react-router/) for more details on setting it up.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Learn more about set up information for our [React Router Integration](configuration/integrations/react-router/).
```
